Hello everybody and welcome back.
Hopefully just a quick one here before we dive on over into Unreal and on asking for help and how you
can have better help from not only us but other people you're asking questions of.
So give us your project log.
Now that won't mean anything to you quite yet.
I will show you where to get your project log in a few moments.
Help answer other students questions is one of the big ones that I find has really helped me gain a
big understanding of any topic that I'm working on.
Once you're able to answer other people's questions you really have got a grounded knowledge in the
subject you're talking about.
Be specific when you are asking a question make sure you say exactly what you have done to cause your
issue.
Please don't say help.
Unreal has crashed.
That's not going to help anybody.
We need to know what an error code was or what you were doing right up to that point.
That's incredibly important for us to be able to help you.
You could have accidentally kicked your power plug briefly.
You know it could be absolutely anything if you're not specific it won't help us help you tell us what
you've tried.
And I know I get frustrated with this personally if I've got a problem and I forget to tell people I've
tried already and they just keep giving me things that I've tried.
Well if I told them that in the first place they wouldn't have probably come back with those things.
But do tell us what you've tried so far so we can help you solve your issue and let us know when you've
solved your issue as well whether that's from our help or whether you found out the solution straight
away leaving a hanging question means that we've got something to answer all that we end up hassling
you to say Well have you solved it because we want to make sure that you are back on the track of learning
and improving in Unreal.
Let's talk about this project log real quick.
OK so in front of us here we have the Unreal projects folder where we've extracted the Bull Cow Game
starter kits.
We double click on that.
We have a series of folders.
We've already talked about some of these folders one of the other things that we can do is go into the
saved folder and within here we've got our logs we go into our logs folder.
We get this Bull Cow Game the name of the project and it's log.
This can be really helpful when you've got a specific crashing issue for instance being able to give
us a copy of that log either attach it or link to it or even just to cut and paste of what's inside
it can help us help you.
If you do do that cuts and paste by the way please use code formatting when you go and paste it otherwise
it may look a big mess.
Hi there Sam from the future with one common issue that you might be having if you already had Visual
Studio installed and it is an older version than 16.3
Then you need to upgrade to a version of 16.4 or greater that will not have bugs when
trying to compile code in Visual Studio so do make sure you check that version number if you already
had Visual Studio installed before this okay.
So I hope you don't run into two issues on your journey with Unreal but when you do we're here to help
you and please help us help you the best we can by giving a specific information.
And tell us what you've already tried and when you've solved it.
Brilliant.
Tell us you've solved it.
And of course if you're in a position to answering other people's questions is a great way of demonstrating
and solidifying your knowledge with Unreal.
I'll see you all in the next lecture.